feat(root): migrate deploy to github actions (#238)
theforeman/foreman-js: docs/commit-message-format.md

# The commit message format

Each commit message consists of a **header**, a **body** and a **footer**.
The header has a special format that includes a **type**, a **package** and a **subject**:

```
<type>(<package>): <subject>
<BLANK LINE>
<body>
<BLANK LINE>
<footer>
```

The **header**, the **package** and the **subject** of the header are mandatory fields.

Any line of the commit message cannot be longer than 100 characters!
This allows the message to be easier to read on GitHub as well as in various git tools.

## Revert
If the commit reverts a previous commit, it should begin with `revert: `, followed by the header of the reverted commit.
In the body it should say: `This reverts commit <hash>.`, where the hash is the SHA of the commit being reverted.

## Type

Must be one of the following:

* **feat**: A new feature
* **fix**: A bug fix
* **docs**: Documentation only changes
* **style**: Changes that do not affect the meaning of the code (white-space, formatting, missing

>   semi-colons, etc)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  semicolons, etc)
```

* **refactor**: A code change that neither fixes a bug nor adds a feature
* **perf**: A code change that improves performance
* **test**: Adding missing or correcting existing tests
* **chore**: Changes to the build process or auxiliary tools and libraries such as documentation generation

## package

The package contains the name of the [main] package the commit is updating.

> You can use `root` when the change doe's not introducing changes to any package by doe's changes to the root monorepo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use `root` when the change does not introduce changes to any package by doing changes to the root monorepo.
```
